[Music]
So friends, today we have come to a
small village in Greater Nata to
meet two big personalities of network marketing. Sir, we are some
celebrities, the real celebrity is Vikash Kanshu ji, the
Diamond of our company. So what about you, Sir,
I have just achieved level two and a
cheque of 000 has just been transferred to my account. So,
you have achieved all this through network marketing. Yes,
absolutely, thanks to network marketing and
Vikash ji. Look, Sir, we
follow the same principle. If you are born poor, it is
not your fault. But if you
die poor, it is completely your fault. Oh
no, it is still early in the night, brother. Sir, I
want to tell you that our company's
Diamond Vikash ji is maintaining a very good
lifestyle. Along with four-five satin
coats and pants, he also has half a BHK
in a half house, 8 km inside the highway.
Along with this, let me tell you that
thanks to network marketing, Vikash ji is
also maintaining a very good car. Sir,
tell me, is there salt in your toothpaste? Yes, is there
clove in your toothpaste? Yes, is there any  There is
no difference in tooth pus sir, small
thinking and sprain of foot never
allow a person to move forward, Laksh ji
take out the car sir, join network marketing and
see your life will change completely,
people say that it is a
way of getting caught, we don't believe this at all, Laksh
ji,
everyone will get out of this level, network
marketing is such a place where even if
your income is 1, you get 100% respect, mother will be
spoiled, I will
come on their mother, mother and sister, I will come on their mother and sister, they have their
own different
universe running, as soon as these people came to know
that people started calling network marketing a
business of getting caught, these people
changed its name, some are saying
online entrepreneurship, some are saying
online business, some are saying affiliate
marketing, it is the same thing, roaming around, get
coat and petticoat made from seminars, people
wear three piece suits, the
poor people will go on a trip abroad, after that for
2 years he will be
running his Instagram bus in different states
or whose father's name it is.  The one who has a garage will be the
richest because he will
get the most such photos and I have
achieved a bike from here and tomorrow ₹j are coming again
brother, just get your pants stitched a little lower from the next cheque
and I felt very good to
see that this is the only such work left
in the country in which the income may be a little less
but you get full respect, what a great business it is that
you have to stand on the stage and
tell your income on the mic, you have to dance, you have to assert
things, people
hide their income in the whole world,
this is the only business where you have to
tell your income but they will
never tell you what the business is because in the end
you have to sell soap for washing hands after defecation,
now you just see this, they
organized a seminar in someone's house under construction and the
first cheque must not have come for as much as
they scattered flowers, as soon as Anju ma'am
achieved level two, think if we
also start giving respect to each other like this every moment in our business,
uploading reels every day  As soon as this happens,
Harsh Rachit should hang a garland of flowers around my neck.
Every day, as soon as the blog is uploaded, let us
honour each other on the stage. I swear, I am telling you that
within a week, all the marigolds of the entire NCR will be
spent on us.
You can see in Ranchi that there are many people
who are decorating and beautifying their lives through network marketing. The
head of this team is
Dilip Birhor
Sir. He is not a hero, he seems to be running a gang of child-kidnapping.
If he would have gone to
sell the scheme to someone, then people would have locked their houses and
hidden their children in the cupboard. It is so dangerous. We will have
our own network in 29 states of India. Take the whole
world
in your fist. I don't know about the world, but I will
definitely hit your glasses with my fist. I, Genda
Swami, have left the movies and started a scheme to connect two people with each other.
Spare the labourers, friend. Let them go. They will
earn a few bucks by building someone's house. Poor
guys, where have you reached villages and towns with the scheme?
You will come out with the level. Reach tomorrow at
7:30 in the morning. I had an
opportunity for very few people, but I thought that you
people will take this opportunity.  You deserve it. There is a seminar tomorrow at 9:30 am
in Pramila Banquet where
our Diamond Vikash Sir is coming. This is a life
changing seminar.
Congratulations to those who have passed 2CC 3CC.
Rest of the people who are new can come even if they have to pay ₹1
in an auto rickshaw but they can go from the seminar hall by
sitting in the jungle.
This is a very life changing seminar. And till the time
you all register for this seminar,
I am sending the link in the group of
Vikash Sir's dead
Instagram. 2 pm. Hey friend, that Rohit Sir
2CC also has to be called.
Future Hello Rohit Sir 2CC Ji, Laksh Ji,
Vikash Diamond Sapphire Sir is coming tomorrow, so I have sent
some payment slips for the same seminar.
I please check it once on
WhatsApp2 Ji. And the six people who will
touch the feet of Diamond Sapphire will be for 50 rupees and the four people who will make him
enter by touching his shoulders will be for 50 rupees and these people are
writing 000 for the remaining two people. What are they
doing? Those people who are coming to blow up Diamond Sir will be for
102 rupees.  He is happy in his Haj job but the one who is
restless in it, he will become a businessman in future
because he knows what is your worth,
your worth is not of 102 Haj
but of crores, God has
kept crores of rupees for you, go and grab them.
If Mahendra Singh Dhoni had not left his job in the railways,
how would he have become such a great captain?
If Sachin Tendulkar had not failed in 10th,
how would he have become such a great cricketer? And
if Honey Singh had not been born,
how would the revolution in the music industry have happened? So
my friend, success neither sees age nor
face; it sees the passion within you
and an ugly living example of this is in
front of you today. Welcome Laksh ji with applause.
People take five to six months to
do 2CC and 3CC, but Laksh ji, by
maintaining a Platina of 125 cc in the very first month, he has
shown that anything is possible. Laksh ji, tell me about your last month
's achievement, sir? Check of 00, well done.
Where do you see yourself next month, sir?
Minimum.  I will take a cheque of Rs. 1000 in my account,
well done and sir I will at least
not show off by buying a car, sir when I
started working, people used to say that he
comes on two wheels and shows dreams of four wheels,
I want to tell those people that the
day I come on stage as a diamond, that
day you will yearn to
see my face, a poor man is not the one who dreams, a
poor man is the one who does not dream at all,
when you do not consider yourself worthy of anything, then
what will the God think of you, become rich,
see, your relatives must have
cars, right, they must have, right,
take a photo with it and post it because unless you feel it,
how will it work, feel it, sir
means that before buying a car, you
should get a feel for the car and Laksh ji, you
also say as soon as you go home
[praise] that
I am not educated, I am not good looking, I am not this, I am not that,
sir, if we talk about qualification, I have
failed class three, sir,
more than failing class three, I feel like I am under the influence of cannabis.
People like him get only one
job, that is, before the movie starts, he is
shown as a VD and asthma patient, to
play that role and
look here, he has become sir by wearing a turquoise colour suit, his
neighbour does not talk without abusing his mother and sister
and here sir, you need a good
dream, you need a good life, you need a
good lifestyle, you need a good bungalow, you need
a good name and
if you want to rule the hearts of others, then
you should do direct selling, I claim, do
direct selling, do
direct selling, I will work with a lot of
knowledge all night, these people have
examples of everything, they do
not talk beyond motivational examples and knowledge, I
say only one thing that when I said the word one thing that
when one sun
can illuminate the whole world, then there are
16 suns inside you, friend, you will
see in the bio of most of them either it is written mental or
motivational speaker and if someone asks brother
what work do you do, then you just save my number,
I have saved your number, you
get it in seminars.  Hey, will
your mother dance in the seminar? They
use another big trick, they
put quotes on their Instagram, they put
such photos and videos of dancing and singing in the seminar
or they put screenshots of their fake earnings, if they
find a car of some distant relative or friend, they
put photos with that or once
in life they get a chance to go to a four or five star hotel, then they
collect photos of that
in different clothes and they
keep putting them for many years, that means they always
try to show larger than life
so that when you see their status, at least
ask them once that yes brother how is this happening and just simply the
chicken has been trapped, everyone's level will come out,
you think yourself, a millionaire man will
put a screenshot of his income on his
status, he
puts screenshots of transactions of Rs. 34000 daily, hey, is this the daily income of a brothel that you
put screenshots of daily transactions and keep roaming around with a laptop, hey,
what is the use of a laptop in selling soap and surf, make a channel of 2040 people,
make them your company  That sell soap only,
this is a business, they have put knowledge in it, they have put
motivation in it, they have given full respect to it, through mike stage
seminars, they have made me
fall in someone's field and do labour work, you will
get more respect there, and on top of that they have made me
drop my coat and pant in my eyes. Now I go to
people's weddings wearing a hoodie,
lest they think that I am an MLM person. When I
started this business, I started it
through Ma'am, I started it, we did it, we liked it a
lot, people started making
wrong commitments, we started it,
then no one commented or made a
commitment, I have full faith after
seeing them that these coat and pant people will make me
rich only after they have made me rich with their knowledge and
business, if someone asked for their bank
statement or ITR, they will
delete their account and run away, though it is not their
fault either, they must have lot of cash with them
because they sell soap, they must be taking cash from the customer,
₹10, they started the business on foot,
sometimes they used to come on bicycle, sometimes on foot, they used to do
business, today they
drive a scooter worth one lakh, what a thing, it is great, my
father got it for me in 9th class  I had a
scooty, I did not know then that if I
walk wearing coat pant on it, then 20-30
people will clap and give me so much respect,
otherwise I would have accepted this much respect then itself.
If these bastards get a car by mistake,
I am telling you brother, they will
go from house to house of the neighbor and preach,
forcibly make me sit in the car and put up
flex on the scooty itself.
This is the mark of network marketing, if you have
not achieved this then you have done nothing. It is
good that nowadays people have started going in coat pant to buy Creta also. The
showroom people get to
see some cartons on this pretext. By the way,
MLM business is only of coat pant and car.
These bastards will sell their wife to
buy a car. Seeing them, I feel
that as if a person's whole life is to
buy a car and wear coat pant. This
work, friend, a salaried person will do it in the first month
with respect and audacity. Look at these idiots who
go to brainwash salaried people that what is there in a job.
Become your own boss, become a boss, become a salesman, become a diamond.
You cannot make your son a diamond by becoming one.  S will
become, yes it will definitely become,
wearing clothes, driving a car, travelling around the country and abroad is
my way of living, no
one can live like this, now father and son
together are making people fools, it's good,
come on, MLM has also started becoming a family business now,
so many people are
[music]
hey brothers, have you all come from online business, is
online business, it looks like a laborer's square,
[ __ ] of business and for how long will you keep
manipulating people by calling the work of a salesman as online business,
now see, the biggest
confusion is that Lakshya Bhai, let's go, I
showed Instagram2 and went away, but what is this business,
I have not understood till date, see, I will
explain it to you in a very short and simple way, this business is selling fake over priced
products, means here
apart from seminars and calling each other diamonds, what
happens is selling products, these are
different companies, some of them
make their own products like
shampoo, soap, surf, aloe vera and they say
that we are doing direct selling, we get
advertisements done, they also save money,
we increase the quality of the product and
we  They remove the mediator also, they do
direct selling, but when the
quality of the product is poor, it is label-less,
I don't know anything about it, then
why should I give a damn to direct selling, that
means on one hand, Aishwarya
Rai is selling Lux soap in front of me, I have
seen its advertisement on TV, the fragrance is also very
good, I know about Lux,
we have been using it since 10 years, on the
other hand, there is some online product of some
network marketing company, which is
giving me knowledge, but did not give the product soap, he is giving
me knowledge, sir, I am buying soap,
along with that you can also make a chain, you
can also do this, we removed the mediator,
we have put the ad from the date, brother, I don't have time,
I will buy Lux soap and the product is
also over priced, the quality of the product has
decreased, I don't know anything about it, it has
come in the market only yesterday and those whose
products are not selling, they
can make chains of other people, two to four, four to eight, eight
to 16, this is this business, now you can call it online
entrepreneurship, call it affiliate
marketing, call it digital marketing, call
it  Call it pyramid scheme, call it the
business of trapping people, call it anything,
this is a salesman type of work, people
abuse and drive them away from the gate, everyone's level will
come out, now the
government has legalized network marketing under certain norms,
I will not go into much detail,
but brother, it has been done brother, so
in our country even criminals get saved, the
murderer also gets saved, the
kidnapper also gets saved because there are
many loop holes in people, now the same
is with pyramid scheme, but here there is a
guideline that you cannot make anyone below 18 years of age
join, this work cannot be done by anyone below 18 years of age,
but how can you sell like this,
children are the most brainwashed, most of the brains get washed after
seeing the diamond necklace around the neck of sir and after
seeing the seminar, the
minds of children get confused, without them the business will stop, so
they
take the ID of the parents of children below 18 years of age and make them join
because the child is insisting at home that he is
bored, father, you give your ID, so what does it mean
here  Pay joining is totally illegal,
against the law and most of their
henchmen are people below 18 years of age or from
below middle class families
because these are the people who can be most easily
trapped by dreaming of riches and jobs and if we
compare it then there are no jobs left, yes
dear, jobs are all over now even Modi ji will
not play chess, Modi ji
will add Amit Shah to Gadkari ji here, Amit
Shah ji will add Jay Shah there in the chain, Jay
Shah ji will then add Roger Vinny and Saurabh Ganguly in
this way the whole country will
sit in a chain then what will we all do by becoming a chain and then
rub soap on each other's waist
because jobs have ended, AI has eaten up
jobs, then all levels will lose jobs, brother,
if the whole country will sell soap, toothpaste and alcohol in a chain then
what will the rest of the people eat and wear, at
least you should have read one chapter of
economics, geo-politics, accounts,
half a page of business studies then
you would have understood how meaningful and
how senseless this business is.  MLM means total
fraud, what message would you like to give?
Today a lot of women power is watching and listening to you,
what would you like to say? I would just like to
give this message for the ladies, what is there in ladies' weddings,
friends. Mann ki Baat should reach the ladies.
My challenge is that if someone
starts network marketing, their
life will change within three to five years. What a thing!
Even after being so successful, if one has to
give interview on the roads of the village, then I don't want
such success. I am
happy doing slavery. If I have
passed matriculation, my thumb will answer this. If
my village head will become the head, then I have the
right, so I should also have this right.
Now I will decide my life
myself. Father will not do it. Superb,
superb, very good. First take off your glasses and pay the
installment of this court and talk to me. This is the
first time I have seen a Splendor owner with such a strong
attitude. Such boys go from the village to
sell milk in the city on their Splendors.
Here people are calling them Sir. What a
thing! What did you earn in last year, Sir, Sir, you
earned more than 50 lakhs. Okay, I will take a note.
This is not a bad thing, right?
On Dhanteras, he is
buying a new car, sir. The price is ₹ lakh. This is the first
man I have seen who is buying a car equal to his 5 years' earnings.
Sir, the world is
not as stupid as you think by
looking at the people around you. Get out
of this network marketing universe and
see what is going on in the world. It is
very good. The world is earning very well.
If you earn money for just one car in 5 years,
as you said, you earn ₹ lakh
in 5 years and you buy a car worth 55 lakhs, then there is no
one more broken than you. There is no one
poorer than you. There is no
one more stupid than you. It would have been
better if you had taken up a job. Your
ITR would have been so good. You would have got a loan 5 years ago.
Your
only dream of owning a car would have been fulfilled 5 years ago. A person with a
job buys a car in the first month.
Well, what is the use of explaining to these fools,
brother? They tell us about YouTube3 schemes.
For them, everything is a pyramid. For them,
even their mother is in a pyramid scheme.  That grandmother gave
birth to mother, mother gave birth to us,
we will also give birth in future, pyramid scheme, you
guys improve yourself, well guys, there is nothing to cry about that you are
no more,
now you have to do this Instagram2 scheme for your
friends, your mothers, sisters-in-law, your brother-in-law, your brother-in-law,
your children, that is, all the
people who do not do network marketing, all the people who are
intelligent and all the
people who
give Instagram2, Laksh Chaudhary will improve your life
and teach you to sell soap and soap, well
if you are even a little active on
Instagram2, you have to like two reels and photos of
mine and reply to my story
that brother I have come and the rest of our blog channel,
if you have not subscribed yet, then I am
making a pyramid scheme there as well, brother,
come there and subscribe to me, Laksh
Chaudhary blogs, we will see you again, maybe some
network marketing person will give the content,
and so see you in the next video